Previously on 1000-lb Sisters...
Today is Tammy's 35th birthday
We wanna do something special
for her.
[cheering]
I'm vibing.
Such a blessing and we are so
grateful that she made it to 35.
[cheering]
[beeping]
I'm here for an appointment
with Dr. Smith.
Chris, you have any ideas?
Can you all believe we're
going on a vacation together?
[laughs]
I'm excited to be here
at the cabin,
but yeah, it's late,
and it's been a long ride.
So, you wanna try to walk in?
[bleep]
[Amanda] What's wrong, Tam?
[whimpering]
What's up, sis?
Hey...
Hey, listen.
There's no reason
to be upset, sis.
[sniffles]
[whimpering]
- Well, we are home for the week.
- No.
We're gonna be...
Yes, we are.
[Amy] The cabin was supposed to be
like six and a half hours away from home.
It turned into 12 hours.
From all the bathroom breaks,
and my car overheated.
But Tammy is throwing
a temper tantrum.
[Amy] I think she's good
with the ramps.
[Misty] You know, the faster we get this
done, the faster we get to go to bed, right?
[sobbing]
Amanda'll be in front of you,
and I'll be behind you.
We'll get you there.
We're all gonna be right here.
We're all on this together.
- Tammy, you were just as excited as the rest of us.
- No, I wasn't.
You weren't?
You acted like you're so damn excited, but
then you talk to me like you lost your mind.
- Um-mm...
- Yeah, you did.
Y'all did.
Tammy, stop acting like that.
You gonna shut up?
- No, you gonna stop being rude to people.
- Leave me alone.
You gonna shut [bleep] you having issues
doesn't give you the right to talk to people
like you've lost your
[bleep] mind.
- It costs you nothing to be kind to people, Tammy.
- Stop talking to me.
All these people here are here to
support you, and you wanna act like that.
- You don't [bleep] mind.
- Shut the [bleep] up.
[Amanda] No, you don't lost your
damn mind. You don't talk to me like that.
- You don't ask Amanda cause we're going home tonight.
- You won't get out of my face.
-I'm not in your face. I'm just standing and talking.
-Leave me alone.
[chuckles] Will you better go
get your damn sister?
What are we gonna do
about Tammy, guys?
She is just afraid to come up
the ramps, and I understand that.
You know, I'm not saying that
she's wrong for feeling what she feels.
She's wrong for the way
she talks to people.
And I'm not gonna go back out
there and talk to her.
She's gonna
make this situation worse.
I love Tammy, but she doesn't know
how to communicate with people properly.
- And we don't wanna mess with her.
- And then we react...
Instead of just keeping in
the back of our mind that,
you know, she's going through
some [bleep] right now.
Yeah, but I figured
it'd take a day or two.
You act like you're the only
one that's ever took care of her.
Every single one of us
in this room has.
[bleep]
No, don't talk to her
like she do with me.
I'm not playing.
I'm not leaving.
I don't wanna leave either.
[Chris] I understand
she was tired.
You're scared.
She wouldn't even
give it a chance.
She wouldn't try.
[sighs]
We need to stand our ground,
and go there and tell her.
This is our home for
the next week.
Get the hell out
and get to moving.
[Chris] Off we go.
He need to come on
and try her to come in.
What do you plan on doing
tonight?
Sure.
- Sis, don't be like that.
- Leave me alone.
Oh, come in for a game.
He wanted to go with you.
Look at him looking at you.
For this is our first trip,
Aunt Tammy.
- You're missing out on a lot
just... [bleep] - I don't give a [bleep].
I really don't feel good,
And I didn't wanna come.
Okay. Well, you don't feel
good, so let's get in the house--
Tammy, there are other people
that are here.
- And there's no reason to be like that.
- And it's late at night.
I'm not going to the hospital.
I want all of y'all to get
out of my [bleep] face.
We just want you to go in.
I don't want to go in.
I'm not an animal.
Y'all don't have to watch me.
Bye.
[clicks]
[Amy] This is ridiculous.
She wants to sleep in the car,
let her.
I don't know.
So let her sleep in the van.
- Nobody. That's the whole point.
- I ain't going nowhere.
Do you know where I'm going? I'm taking
my ass up those stairs with my stuff,
I'm gonna get in the bed. I've
been up. I haven't slept well.
I am tired.
Nobody wants to live with Tammy.
So it has to be shoved off
on me.
Michael, would you be willing
to drive the freaking van,
and then go take Tammy to
a hotel some miles away?
Christopher, Michael's gonna
take her.
Of course, me and Michael,
All right, Tammy, I was able
to get you a hotel room.
Michael's gonna take you.
And we'll figure things out
in the morning.
Slide on back in there
so I can shut the door.
Ow.
- You all right?
- Yeah.
But, she could have got up
there with no problem.
[country music playing]
[laughs]
[laughing]
How are you, sugar?
I'm gonna eat this banana,
we'll get it real quick.
Me and Misty, we were up
rather late last night. We just kept
replaying the scenario in our head, last
night, about what happened with Tammy.
Well, this is just really a [bleep] start
to what could have been an awesome vacation.
And you know, all of us
siblings were here last night,
running through the whole thing,
what could we have done differently
to make the outcome different,
but we all just came to an
agreement that
we couldn't have done anything
better than what we did.
Not it.
It ain't gonna be me.
Me, neither.
Leave her in her room.
Hold on, wait a minute.
You know my friend, Rob?
He might be willing to come
up here and get her ass.
And he can also push her.
Yeah, he's strong enough,
he can push her.
We have a family friend, he
does a lot for everybody, you know.
If we need something,
he's always there.
So I'm sure if we can call
him, he'll come and get Tammy.
What else on the agenda, then,
as far as the attractions
or whatever that we're gonna go do,
what kind of shoes do I need to wear?
That's cool.
I mean, I'm not real happy with her but
we can be mad when we get to Kentucky.
We've always
put differences aside.
Just because we're down here on
vacation doesn't mean we can't do that.
We need to send the invites
and say "hey".
Maybe you were not here, things
went down the way it did last night.
You know, we still want
you to come, you know
you're still part of our family,
you're our sibling,
you're our sister
and we want you here.
[Chris] If she wants to go,
[Amanda] I'll try and send her
a text message.
Hey Tammy, um, we're gonna go
try to take
a family photo today and, um,
if you want us to come by
and pick you up
and you can still
come with us, or what?
[phone swooshes]
I mean yea, I'm mad at Tammy,
but I'm also mad at myself.
I reacted the same way
she was talking to me.
And I do feel bad for that.
[solemn instrumental
music playing]
[cell phone beeps]
What? Well, she said no.
That's all. Just a big N O.
The way I feel about it,
we've given her
ample opportunity
to join us, join in the fun.
And if she doesn't want to,
better go home.
You know what?
We wouldn't even have to spend
half as much money on some
of the stuff that we spent it on,
had it not been for her.
You know, she needs
to just get over it
and just come out and have a good
time with us. Put the differences aside,
like we always do.
So we can just move on,
all have a good time together.
I think Amanda's kinda
pissin' in the wind,
with her attempt to get
Tammy to do the picture.
But, you know, she
wants to try, so whatever.
I agree, let's go talk
to the bitch.
All right.
We've all decided to go to Tammy
because we just wanna
persuade her to go with us.
I just want Tammy to come out
and just have some fun.
Why be locked up in
a hotel room by yourself?
I guess that means it's time
to get our [bleep] rolled out.
All right, well, you know what?
Let's not tell her we're coming.
Hell no, we gonna
blindside the bitch.
[suspenseful music playing]
Let's get this [bleep]
out of the way.
Okay, I'm done.
This some [bleep] for real.
[bleep] done with this [bleep].
[somber instrumental
music playing]
I...
ended up getting sick.
[dramatic music playing]
[Chris] So we're
goin' over to the hotel
to try to talk some
sense into Tammy
Hopefully we can convince
Tammy to stay,
and take this family photo
with us.
That's the whole point
of the vacation
was all five of us,
spending time together.
But just knowing,
that you gotta go in there
and deal with Tammy's
[bleep]
I wish she would just
open up and tell
exactly what her issue is
- why she's acting like this.
- Instead of throwing a fit.
It boils down to her not
getting off her [bleep] lazy ass
and standing up,
and walking up two steps.
When she, if she can do it in
rehab, she can [bleep] done it there.
I'm ready to go now.
Well, first of all,
I don't even know
she's gonna let us in the door
I don't give a [bleep]
if she open the door or not,
Amy got a key.
I'm not gonna go,
if she tells me
not to come in,
I'm not gonna go in.
Yea, I'm gonna tell her regardless,
'cause I don't give a [bleep].
Just give me the room key, I'm
gonna tell her, cuss her out and get out.
[sighs]
The bitch ain't gonna
chase after me.
You know, [bleep].
[bleep] this.
Let's go, get this [bleep]
over with,
'cause I'm not [bleep]
with Tammy no more
It's no surprise that Tammy's
texting me about her stomach.
103.
Knock first.
[door opens]
We gonna see what's wrong
with your stomach.
Stop hollering.
[Tammy speaking]
What is it, your ribs?
[Chris speaking]
[Tammy speaking]
[Amanda] We wanna know
what you wanna do,
if you wanna stay with us,
stay till we go home,
and do some stuff with us,
or do you want a friend
to come and get you?
[Chris] But it'll be Thursday
before you can even head out.
And it can only be, a day early.
Amanda reached out to
her friend, Rob
who was at
Tammy's birthday party.
And he is willing
to come and get Tammy,
but he can't do it
for another day.
[Tammy speaking]
[all] We have no one
to take you home.
[Amanda speaking]
- Because if we go...
- That messes up our vacation.
[Tammy speaking]
No that is not true. You're
trying to make it all about you.
Don't even do that.
[Amanda speaking]
[Tammy speaking]
[Amy] Okay, I'm done.
[Chris] Just make sure
she gets something to eat.
Tell your little [bleep] boy
in Las Vegas, hello.
[Tammy speaking]
And you still talking
to the [bleep]?
What, in God's green earth,
are you doing, talking to him?
This some [bleep].
[Amanda] I suggest everybody
stay out of my face right now, for real.
[Amanda] No [bleep] come up here and bother
me right now, give me a [bleep] minute.
[scoffs]
Done with this [bleep].
In there with the God damned
[bleep] boy on the God damned phone.
She's in her [bleep]
phone with Phil,
she's probably been talking
to the [bleep] boy
the whole God damned time
she's been here.
This is the BBW [bleep] king.
[bleep] rat bastard.
[Amy] Yea, the one that
she called the cops on.
The [bleep] probably
said something to her
to keep her and get her
in his damn mood.
Look, that's her life, that's
okay. If they good, they good.
But to ruin a whole
goddamned family vacation
because she wants to sit in there
and talk on the phone with him?
I guess Tammy is gonna get Rob
to come after her.
- Yeah.
- He'll pick her up.
He'll go tomorrow, he'll get
a rental, he'll come down.
Pick her up Thursday morning
[Chris] Stay in the cabin
with us until the next morning
and taking Tammy's
[bleep] fat ass home.
[Amanda] Thursday morning
and take her home.
[Amy] Tammy just wants Phil
because he's bad for her.
I guess she just wanna live
life to the fullest,
do what she wants
until she can't do nothing.
Let's get you
strapped in here safely.
Whoo!
Rollercoasters is something Chris
had been wanting to do for 20 years.
So I'm gonna need you to
sit up tall for me, okay.
The safety-light on the
harness would not turn green.
[country music playing]
Come on, Chris.
I'm hoping that, by my hair.
[Amy] All right,
I'll hold on to this.
[Amy speaking]
- Hey.
- How are you guys doing?
- Good, how are you?
- I'm good.
- Oh, look at this, Dad.
- We got the whole setup in here.
Okay, okay.
- So, this is all the costumes and stuff.
- You got it, okay.
- Lots of options for you guys.
- Okay.
- [Amy] Just grab whatever we want.
- So, the bottom part of that
will help you get into it.
[Amy speaking]
- Okay.
- [Amy speaking]
- Girl, we got sizes for everyone.
- [Amy] Okay.
- [baby cooing]
- [Amanda] Oh, are you excited?
Uh-huh. We're gonna get it.
Are you wanting, like,
fishnets and stuff?
- [Chris grunts]
- Oh, sure, why not?
- Yeah...
- Let's just do the whole thing.
Hell yeah. We're gonna
let it all hang out.
- Bam!
- [Chris speaking]
[Amanda] Oh, well, she's
the crazy bitch. [laughs]
It actually fits
your personality to a tee.
[Amy] What is this?
That's a Southern Belle dress.
It's a dress and the shoulders
are, like, off the shoulder.
It's really pretty.
All right, come on, Sis.
[Amanda] Hold on, I'm missing
a piece of leather on my booby.
- So...
- Is that too tight?
-No
-[Amanda speaking]
- [laughs]
- [banjo music playing]
- [Amy speaking]
- [laughs]
[Chris] It's pretty cool
that the costumes
were kind of, like,
"one size fit all."
They had drawer strings
in the back.
But you couldn't see,
so they pulled 'em tight
and that's what we did.
[baby cooing]
[Amanda speaking]
Damn, Amanda.
I cannot help what God
gave me. Don't hate.
[Amy speaking]
[chuckles] You're always
making fun of my girls.
Brittany's costume.
- Brittany fits her persona...
- I like the color of yours.
She's a church lady,
we're whores.
[laughs]
[Amanda] Actually, Mike and
Chris look like that right there.
- Looks good.
- That's some real stuff right there.
[Amy speaking]
Okay, my brother's gonna
get this... Don't look.
- Okay, don't look.
- Don't step on my skirt.
All right, you ladies
can do your fans,
or if you wanna
do, like, guns and whiskey...
- I want a gun and some whiskey.
- Gun and whiskey?
[chuckles]
Uh, do we have everybody?
- Got everybody?
- Yeah.
Okay. Awesome.
You guys look good.
Just wish Tam was here,
but, I mean, that's her choice.
She's the one missing out.
It'll be all right.
Yeah, for sure.
[Amy] Tammy not being there, just...
It makes me feel bad because, like,
Gage can look and be, like,
"Where's Aunt Tammy in this picture?"
I'm like, "Well,
Aunt Tammy is being a bitch
who won't stay
in the damn picture."
[chuckles] Big, happy smiles,
everybody. Say "whiskey."
- [all] Whiskey.
- [chuckles]
- [camera shutter clicks]
- Awesome.
[Amanda] It was a
stress reliever for me
- like, it was really fun getting into character and...
- Yeah.
- I'll cherish those memories forever.
- Yeah, I liked doing that.
[Amanda] We all had on
spike high heels.
- [Misty] Yeah.
- [Amanda] We wasn't walking nowhere
- we was leaning.
- We just...
-Yeah.
-But we haven't done... like we were standing up.
[imperceptible] [laughs]
I'm gonna give you the dynamite.
- [gasps]
- [chuckles]
[man] Just kind of toss it
over this way.
One, two, three.
- [clatters]
- That was good.
- [camera shutter clicks] -
You guys look pretty terrified.
[Amanda speaking]
[all laugh]
[cheerful music playing]
[Chris speaking]
I think we're gonna have a great
time today. I'm super excited for today.
Today, we're all gonna go
to the park
to ride some rollercoasters.
[Amy] But the upside is...
there's no lines.
I get on first, bitches.
[chuckles]
I don't know what that was.
[laughs]
Misty, you almost can't make it.
- [laughs]
- [bleep] Oh. my God, for real.
[Amanda speaking]
[woman] You might have to ride
with an adult.
I got you, sis.
So, you're gonna be her adult
I absolutely will tell her
what to do.
[Chris] We're just a bunch
of kids when we get together.
We're all picking on each other.
Any chance we get.
- Six adults, except for Misty.
- Yeah.
She gets a child one, right?
- Yeah, I'll give her a kids...
- [laughs boisterously]
Just the whole best part of it is
being able to do stuff together.
[Amy] Okay, y'all, which one
y'all wanna do first?
We're gonna do this
back over here.
So, I think we walk
straight down.
[Amanda] I love this. The memories
that we're making is the best.
[Amy] I wish Tammy
could've been here.
[Amanda] You know, I really wish
tammy could've been here with us today.
Although I know that she probably
couldn't ride any of the rides
that was here. It's just,
you know the togetherness
of being together with your
siblings in the same place.
[Amanda] But as of right now,
she's still at the hotel
where we've made arrangements
for her to be picked up and taken home
by a good friend of ours, so...
I'm not gonna let that
ruin my time, though
I'm gonna come, I'm gonna
have a good time here today
riding these rollercoasters,
and just tell her
"You should've been there."
I mean, I'm ready to ride, but I'm
not gonna be the first one to get on.
Hey, let's go in order of age.
Go Misty, Chris, Amanda,
Michael and then Amy.
The weight limit on this is 375.
That's the max I can put
on each one, okay?
Leaves me out.
- You are... How much do you weigh?
- I'm right at 375.
[Chris]
I'm not taking a chance.
- It's right at 375.
- It's 375, he's still good if you wanna ride.
- [Amanda] You don't wanna ride?
- You're good.
- Well, I mean, I do, but I don't wanna...
- [speaking indistinctly]
[operator] No, no, no,
you're still good.
[operator]
You're still good, sir.
Yeah, yeah, no, you're good
You're good.
Let's you get strapped in.
Yeah, it's safe.
Whoo!
- Whoo!
- Oh.
[Amy speaking]
When you go around, you're gonna
shoot all these black and yellow targets
out here in the field.
Shoot as fast as you can.
[operator]
All right, you ready?
- How many points?
- Okay.
- [operator] 9,900.
- [Michael] Get down.
- [Amanda] Can we add our points together...
- [operator] No.
[Amanda] 'Cause we're a
family, you know, we're one unit.
You know, we're all together.
- [operator laughs]
- We're all on this together.
All right, so I'm gonna need
you to sit up tall for me, okay?
Like, scoot back in the seat
as much as you can.
There we go.
[indistinct chatter]
The safety light on the harness
will not turn green.
Can you sit up taller for me?
- I can't, that's it.
- You can't, that's it? Okay.
Can you sit up taller for me?
- I can't, that's it.
- You can't, that's it? Okay.
Sorry about that.
It's probably been near 20 years
since Chris rode rollercoasters
or any kind of, you know,
rides at an amusement park
simply because of his weight.
[Amanda] So, I'm, you know,
hoping he can actually ride
because, you know,
for him to come so far
and then to be turned around
at this point
I mean, for me... I mean, I would
cry. It'd be devastating for me.
I mean, and I know
it'd be for him, too.
Okay, let's try this
other seat here.
[Amanda]
Hey, pick your roll up.
- Yeah, I picked my roll up.
- Like, pick it.
Like, you know,
adjust it like that.
All right,
let's see what happens here.
All right, now, yeah, slide
back as far as you can
- and then... Okay.
- I'm as back as is...
Let me push you
just a little bit more.
[operator] There we go.
- We got it? Yay!
- [operator] There we go, man!
You ready? You're safe.
Are you comfortable?
- Yeah, I'm cool.
- Awesome.
Let's get you up in the air
and have some fun.
[operator] Here we go.
Shoot fast.
Luckily, with a little bit
of maneuvering,
he was able to get it, and
then, you know, he took off
- and I can hear him laughing.
- [Chris laughs]
It was almost like [chuckles],
that was like my big brother
when he was little,
that little...
That little kid laugh
that come out.
There's your gun. Pop it fast.
- So it's very doable to get that 9,900.
- I don't care what I get.
- You can't get...
- As long as I get more than them.
[operator]
You're not nervous, are you?
[Amy speaking]
Oh, you're the blind one?
That's okay.
Just shoot like crazy, okay?
That's all you gotta do.
[Amy speaking]
There we go.
You wanna go double barrel?
-[Amy speaking] -Okay,
we'll do it. Let's do it.
I've never been good at
shooting or anything like that
because of my eyesight.
So, they all get one gun,
I got two, bitches.
[banjo music playing]
[screams]
I don't like this [bleep].
[Chris speaking]
[Chris] This thing is fun!
[laughs]
[Chris speaking]
[laughs heartily] Oh, jeez.
[shrieks] Oh, no,
I don't like this [bleep].
- [operator] Do you like that?
- [Chris speaking]
- [operator laughs]
- Hey.
- Look at that right there.
- There you go.
- You got that 9,900 my friend.
- You got it.
-I got 5,500.
-9,999. [chuckles]
[Amanda] My life was more
important to me than you all.
She got two guns.
[all laughing]
She's got 6,800
between both guns.
Now, that's not fair. I could have
got more if I had both my guns.
[Misty]
Amy cheated with the guns.
Everybody else she's won.
She's used two. That's cheating.
[Chris]
I just go [bleep].
[Amanda]
No, no. I'm not going again.
All right.
[Chris]
Here we going. Whoo!
I think everybody's having
a lot of fun but honestly,
I wanted Tammy to be here
because, I don't want her to feel left out.
[Amy] Our friend Rob is
coming to pick up Tammy.
But with Tammy talking to Philip
again, I don't feel comfortable
with her going home without us.
It's just a bad combination
all the way around.
Maybe if dinner goes great,
she will want to stay
a couple of days and
have some fun with us.
[baby gurgling]
[Amanda] So, remember when
we went and got the family photos?
Tammy was some type of way
about us looking at the pictures.
You won't shut up. How much [bleep]
anything if you can't keep [bleep]?
[instrumental music playing]
[Chris] It's probably gonna
be a shot in the dark.
But hopefully, we can still
convince her to stay.
We got her a motorized wheelchair,
so we wouldn't have to push her.
- You wanna ride?
- No, I'm good.
Okay. Very carefully here.
[Chris] All right. Go over
to your right a little bit.
[Amanda] Mm-hmm.
Okay. Hold on here.
[bleep]
[chuckles] I don't know what
the hell I'm doing. Hang on, here.
Now, just uh pull it back
a little bit.
I don't know how
to work it now. Like...
Oh, there it goes.
- You wanna see if she can just walk out here?
- It'd nice.
Hi girl.
Tammy got her hot pink
on looking good. Okay.
[Amanda] Girl, it's super easy.
I'll show you. It's super easy.
-[Chris] Come on, girl.
-[Amanda] Okay, come on sis. You got this.
- [Chris] You have the freedom you never had before.
- [Amanda] You got this.
[Amanda] You're gonna love
the wheelchair. I promise you.
Okay, That will come
off if we needed...
[Tammy] I don't need it.
Just let me-- I mean [chuckles]
[Chris] There we go!
And the other leg, too.
[Amanda]
There you go!
So, when you do it, you're
gonna do little movements like this.
Don't jerk, you're gonna
do little movements.
And you'll find your
happy spot there.
- [Amanda] Just--
- [Tammy] Whoo!
[Amanda] Just go slow.
You'll figure it out.
Here we go!
All right. You got this, girl.
- [Tammy] No.
- [Amanda] No, you got it.
[Amanda] Like I said,
whenever you feel
you're going where you don't
wanna go, just let go off it.
We'll lift your feet up.
Now, raise up, kick it hard, girl,
like you're kicking somebody's ass.
Okay. One more, one more.
You're almost there.
Oh, almost. There we go!
[Amanda]
You gotta get used to it.
Now, look okay for the first
time I know it was a trip but like--
After like 30 minutes on that thing, when I
was messing with it, I know what I'm doing.
So, give yourself a good 30 minutes.
Girl you're gonna be able to [bleep] well.
You ain't wanna give it back.
[Amy speaking]
You would.
I promise you, you would.
Cause it's open. Like you would
just wheel your wheelchair through
the front door and then take a
left and then you would've
been straight into your bedroom.
And the doors are big enough
to fit the wheelchair through it too.
[Amy] I wanted to come to Monster
Mash Burgers, because it's horror theme.
And you don't get that
in Kentucky.
I've never seen
a horror themed restaurant.
But I didn't even really care what we ate,
just long as we ate together as a family.
[Amanda] I wouldn't walk in front of
Tammy. She just got her driver's licence.
Actually just she got her
permit to drive.
I'm hoping that this dinner, we can all
have a good time and eat some good food.
[Amanda] Beetlejuice's
breakfast, Poltergeist chicken,
Silence of the lamb. Okay.
Amy what makes you wanna come
here? Of all the places to eat down here,
why did you choose here?
I really like horror and to be here
is something I always wanted to do.
Gage!
Hi, buddy!
[Tammy]
Hi! Do you not recognize me?
Do I look different?
[Amy speaking]
[Amanda] Are we so-- So we're
just eating what we want today
and not worrying
about our diet, guys.
[Amy] Nah, I ain't got time
for a diet today.
Well, you need to-- You gotta
have time everyday though.
[Tammy speaking]
Do you all need a few more minutes
to look over the menu or you're ready?
- [Amanda] I think we're pretty much ready.
- [Tammy] We're ready.
I'm gonna get the Myers
BBQ and blue.
- I want the Chuckey.
- [woman] Which one, the Chuckey?
Yeah.
As far as Amy's diet. I'm not
sure exactly what she's doing.
She says that we're on vacation,
we can splurge today, but
that's kinda worrying me.
So, it does worry me that she's so
early on eating the way that she does.
Because I've stuff
in my pocket, okay?
It's my pocket.
Excuse me.
[bleep]
[chuckles]
Oh, [bleep].
[Amanda] So, remember when
we went and got the family photos?
[Tammy speaking]
[Amanda] Girl!
Don't start, please.
Cause she threw a little tantrum.
Oh, no. She wasn't happy about it.
Didn't stop her eating
that cheese burger.
[Amanda] So, [clears throat]
that wheelchair,
how do you think, does it help your
mobility, your freedom so to speak?
- [Chris] It's a blessing to have it.
- [Amanda] It really is.
It's not-- It's a whole lot
easier to plug that up at night.
And then you just get in
and whirl yourself around.
[Tammy] It was a little difficult
using the electric wheelchair.
[Amanda] I'm really grateful
I have her for this trip.
It really does take-- I mean
I'm not trying to be ugly but
It does take the burden
of the body.
What do you think now that you
actually experienced driving it?
[Tammy speaking]
- [Amanda] It is easy.
- Will you shut up?
[Amanda] Tammy, you're not
gonna keep hollering at me like that.
Everybody's bent over back,
but it's rude.
- Bitch don't try me like that.
- Shut the [bleep].
She's the one that's
acting like a dummy.
How about you shut up for once.
You won't shut up.
[Amanda speaking]
You gonna stay the [bleep]
away from me.
You can kiss my ass.
[Chris] Next time on
1000 lb sisters.
They accepted our
offer on the house.
Like you're really buying house?
We go sign papers
in a couple days.
With you moving what we gonna
do with Tammy's situation?
I don't know.
[Chris speaking]
That's the only thing left.
Are you all believers
in paranormal?
You guys wanna do some
investigation yourself?
We're like oooo!
We may have caught some kind of
a dark entity. Almost looks like a cat.
[baby cooing]
[both laughing]
I just made an offer on the
house and they accepted it.
So, we're gonna move soon.
Amy and I are like super close.
I am used to her being here.
I'm losing my best friend.
You're gonna be all right.
Don't you?
I don't know. We'll find out.
So, what kinda drink we got?
You gonna make me more?
We can make some screwdrivers,
margaritas. We got moonshine.
- Ooh!
- To the Queen!
[all] To the Queen.
One day she went drinking,
next day she started drinking.
[all cheering]